docs: update subcommand plugin guide (#205)
sapphiredev/website: docs/Guide/plugins/Subcommands/getting-started.mdx

  public constructor(context: Subcommand.Context, options: Subcommand.Options) {
    super(context, {
      ...options,
      name: 'vip',
      subcommands: [
        {
          name: 'list',
          messageRun: 'messageList',

>           default: true // Only functional for message subcommands

Reviewer: This comment should be added outside a code example, in the guide!

  public async messageRemove(message: Message, args: Args) {}

  public async messageList(message: Message, args: Args) {}
}
```

In this example command, "vip list" will run `messageList`, "vip add" will run `messageAdd`, and "vip remove" will run

> `messageRemove`. You can map the value of `messageRun` to the name of any method in the class you want, but we recommend
> the naming convention above to keep things organized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`messageRemove`. You can map the value of `messageRun` to any name of a method in the class, but we recommend you use a
naming convention to keep things organized (personally we recommend prefixing the method name with the type it's for (`messageAdd` for messages and `chatInputAdd` for chat input)).
```

        )
    );
  }

  public async chatInputList(interaction: Subcommand.ChatInputInteraction) {}

  public async chatInputAdd(interaction: Subcommand.ChatInputInteraction) {}

  public async chatInputRemove(interaction: Subcommand.ChatInputInteraction) {}
}
```

The code above registers three slash commands: `/vip list`, `/vip add`, and `/vip remove`. These run the respective
class methods mapped in the `subcommands` array.

## Mixing Message Command and Chat Input Command Subcommands

You can use both kinds of subcommands at the same time if needed. This may be useful in situations such as migrating
Message Command subcommands to Chat Input Command subcommands over time.

```typescript ts2esm2cjs|{9-26}|{10-27}
import { Subcommand } from '@sapphire/plugin-subcommands';
import type { Args } from '@sapphire/framework';

// Extend `Subcommand` instead of `Command`
export class UserCommand extends Subcommand {
  public constructor(context: Subcommand.Context, options: Subcommand.Options) {
    super(context, {
      ...options,
      name: 'vip',
      subcommands: [
        {
          name: 'list',
          messageRun: 'messageList',
          chatInputRun: 'chatInputList',

>           default: true // Only functional for message subcommands

Reviewer: Ditto
